Jews on guest and welcome to delivery
14 of millions of hunts you have
chosen on case number three we go
see what we get in it we already get one
not a good player for a while
it is a sum of 200,000 costs so
certainly not wrong
let's see how we do that in our team
can implement on your screen you see
now let the suitcases that you can still choose
sure of comment behind minus
case 3 which is this episode then
and leave a comment
the previous episode had known service
specifically small to the none
commons
so from that 200k I really have
ridiculously many players can buy
want the team to be able to get a big boost
give on right back cart van gorp cv
search a nice detail we ramos on cv and
I do not know if he automatically no
was that not yet on CVM we have engine
each on a right winger we have care
Well, grabbing glasses was already one of those
200k
then have the da still on goal that I have
also purchased and for the rest fill it
a bit in with the players we are out
our premium your team had with this team
let's play a game in the division
we play in the opponent found in
divisions 6 we are going so crazy about team
who has it today is Monday tomorrow
comes the last episode of the un and
glory and then Wednesday comes as
everything goes according to plan my
new series from around the let
fix and like this video behind
architetti me just i got there myself
ridiculous sense and I can not
wait until that series is really ridiculous
a lot of planning went into it
can finally come online outside of game
seems to me
creapop why whistles will have
referee he waits so long with
defender
no then i just have to wait until
play just like global space goes
so that I can have a chance
we create for the rest there is really no
so many in so can this guy from
to do
look the image for your good foot
came alongside how I seriously thought it
went in
yes finally made a mistake this must
we are going to punish those that have been abolished
we really too stupid for words battery again oh
do whatever this guy is trying
time to understand because watch as you do this
does fine if the john games box okay
but if you then make a mistake array
you surely do something good
we worship was the divide have
Closed off for rest I think he is
a lot of possession indeed has 63%
but still has nothing
nate to create so little we know to
creating with this team actually works best
surprising is that i think it is one
from the most creative teams that I belong to
have used so far
side also have to deal with
opponent that he just bit vague
we actually do score with each one
again but what a weird gates this
say i know why the salary
Some people have a game plan week
don't spam just about it
at depth balls or that go lemmer trick
is walking or trying to do that
just to give up
this guy who actually does it all
nothing but think it's real football
and then he slowly tries to get up
build what just doesn't work because then love it
you just pace the game and pace
he only does that and that
is it then
and then then do not know what he
want to achieve with it
gerard wants to type and perfect position
for the free kick for you goes there
Also just in me, I do what's up
then you admit it is not zero four
nice free kick jorg certainly not
wrongly considered was concluded
and with me really no where
noticeably opposed to me
and that's for the first time in one
viva competition
collected during the series, which is
happened in my opinion there two lap
had and outside the box where he
has 89 passion times it isn't either
very difficult so you know it
central defenders cruise
but for the rest nothing happened
How much
this has sufficient fitness so me
think that access is still a game
play with this team I want is gerbil
try it again because it's really mine
favorite right winger from the game and
that free kick and that chip just like
we only saw that evidence
found the team but his team
name is do b yes and I wrote
the worst we have to do against you
and that also happens but the Russian one
variant with mike come on left winger
wedding
gusttavo melo hernandez it is one
brazilian behind 10 not very good
but certainly good enough to be dangerous
can be
Get rid of zara in the first minute
oh he made a sliding that was real
very stupid and only gave us again
space and almost as good as from the
kick off
we know how to score again
oh no he is the door g at the game
an escort how can it be that
defense suddenly fell apart for a moment
repeat what suddenly with one
deep on shore were the three on a shelf
defenders away and we start off with it
but it came to be very much like you
azarius immediately some frisk from
80 your audience scored there in the first
six minutes of the match is in
this j
kotori-chan really incredibly tasty lung
shot
let them see let them see or
just up close that is possible again
so many men in sixteen times peer
whose are how many men 16 oh yes now
then now then the poké battery again oh
actually we are back at two
goals ahead
how do you score this
ikea also may see repeat well know
you if you shoot right at the keeper then
do you expect in principle that the
keeper has it but apparently it is
gold the technique that this guy good
know how to apply
oh on her that's a nice ball
rafael you get spread
pronounced
the ball is given hare he became
why should that be important at the
filters agneta the world and just
to see
which is also good
on paper
no all those balls also score yet
h yes 90 students still score a ball
battery again oh huppekee no too of the
line picked up this is such a typical one
luckily we stand for
and luckily have won this is the
hard-fought victory like youri
Mulder could have said that one says
pronunciation for him but damn
I think for the moral I see I
said it was heavily fought abandoned
and that it is also 12 saucer by 15 in
total
every shot was in the sixteen and their
mother to keep this good happy
have it done again 3 points in that
vision the next episode we can
thank you safely for counting the promotion safely
for watching
do not forget to also add in
check which comes online on Wednesday
give this video a like and then me
yes I will check you all later
your guests yo guest and welcome to a
new episode of millions of hunts
initial previous selected only on
briefcase 69 serious melody is not me
have chosen case 6 instead
what a tiger a mark